# Go API client for openapi

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import sw "./openapi"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identifield by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*CarbonAwareApi* | [**BatchForecastDataAsync**](docs/CarbonAwareApi.md#batchforecastdataasync) | **Post** /emissions/forecasts/batch | Given an array of historical forecasts, retrieves the data that contains  forecasts metadata, the optimal forecast and a range of forecasts filtered by the attributes [start...end] if provided.
*CarbonAwareApi* | [**GetAverageCarbonIntensity**](docs/CarbonAwareApi.md#getaveragecarbonintensity) | **Get** /emissions/average-carbon-intensity | Retrieves the measured carbon intensity data between the time boundaries and calculates the average carbon intensity during that period.
*CarbonAwareApi* | [**GetAverageCarbonIntensityBatch**](docs/CarbonAwareApi.md#getaveragecarbonintensitybatch) | **Post** /emissions/average-carbon-intensity/batch | Given an array of request objects, each with their own location and time boundaries, calculate the average carbon intensity for that location and time period   and return an array of carbon intensity objects.
*CarbonAwareApi* | [**GetBestEmissionsDataForLocationsByTime**](docs/CarbonAwareApi.md#getbestemissionsdataforlocationsbytime) | **Get** /emissions/bylocations/best | Calculate the best emission data by list of locations for a specified time period.
*CarbonAwareApi* | [**GetCurrentForecastData**](docs/CarbonAwareApi.md#getcurrentforecastdata) | **Get** /emissions/forecasts/current | Retrieves the most recent forecasted data and calculates the optimal marginal carbon intensity window.
*CarbonAwareApi* | [**GetEmissionsDataForLocationByTime**](docs/CarbonAwareApi.md#getemissionsdataforlocationbytime) | **Get** /emissions/bylocation | Calculate the best emission data by location for a specified time period.
*CarbonAwareApi* | [**GetEmissionsDataForLocationsByTime**](docs/CarbonAwareApi.md#getemissionsdataforlocationsbytime) | **Get** /emissions/bylocations | Calculate the observed emission data by list of locations for a specified time period.


## Documentation For Models

 - [CarbonIntensityBatchDTO](docs/CarbonIntensityBatchDTO.md)
 - [CarbonIntensityDTO](docs/CarbonIntensityDTO.md)
 - [EmissionsData](docs/EmissionsData.md)
 - [EmissionsDataDTO](docs/EmissionsDataDTO.md)
 - [EmissionsForecastBatchDTO](docs/EmissionsForecastBatchDTO.md)
 - [EmissionsForecastDTO](docs/EmissionsForecastDTO.md)
 - [ValidationProblemDetails](docs/ValidationProblemDetails.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



